---
title: THUG Pro
date: 2022-05-01 16:00:00
categories: [Personal, Games]
tags: [nodejs, games, js]
---

This was a script I created to circumvent some issues I had updating THUG Pro,
a modification for Tony Hawk's Underground 2. The script compared files to a hash and updated them to the correct version.

This project is in my Github, you can view it [here](https://github.com/haydenm02/thugproupdater)!


# Overview

THUG Pro is a modification of one of my favourite games, Tony Hawk's Underground 2. It adds new features and up-to-date online play support.


I played this game primarily on Linux-based operating systems, and had no real issues. The problem started when the updater crashed and failed to retrieve some files. This was a recurring issue and affected various other players. I contacted somebody from the dev team and was told it would be looked at in the future. I was not satisfied so I decided to get around the problem in my own way.

# Solution

To circumvent this issue, I decided to develop a simple script in Node.JS which would perform the update process manually. I used an external tool to monitor traffic and discovered the endpoints of the requests the updater uses. I then implemented this in to my own script.


The script would retrieve a list of files, compare each file to a CRC32 hash and replace each if necessary. I managed to update the game's version using this script, and shared it with a couple friends to allow us all to play on the latest version.


Here's a cool clip captured on Linux thanks to this script :D

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GT4yA0d_bTY?si=9aauVKLZic4iHoQJ" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>


